---
layout: post
title: Second Blog Post
--- 
**Your experience with Bloc**

My experience at bloc so far has been an overall good one. I have learned quite a bit in the little over a month that I have been enrolled at bloc. The beggining material is pretty easy to understand and is presented in a way that is friendly to new coders. They use codeschool and code academy to introduce you to javascript, html, and css. The mentor system has been working out well for me. My mentor has been responsive and has been able to help me through tougher spots of the curriculum. I will say that I have learned something new each day that I have been enrolled at bloc and so far the pace seems reasonable.

One issue that I have run into during my enrollment at bloc has been the lack of review time there is. 
I do feel that I learn something new each day, but I don't always perfectly retain what I have learned. If I were to stop for a day to review the material that I had gone over in the previous week I would fall behind in the coursework. The obvious fix for this is to get a little bit ahead so that I can have a day or two to review the coursework, however this is easier said than done. The last issue that I have had with bloc so far has been the fact that early on in the course there is very little need for the mentor meetings. The resources that are provided by codeschool will answer almost any question that you could have about the material that is presented early on in the course. This problem, I believe, is exacerbated by the fact that I am on the 40 hr/week pace and have three meetings a week. Later on in the course the mentor meetings become much more useful and informative. 
	
The most important thing that bloc has provided me was direction. I do believe that the material presented by bloc is something that could be replicated using all free resources online, but without some kind of direction it is difficult to figure out where to start and what to try and learn next. It is too early to tell whether or not the order in which bloc teaches you new material is the best way or even a good way at all, but it at the very least provides you a map to navigate through the vast amount of material that is out there on the internet today about coding.