---layout: post
title: Third Post---
**Third Post**

*The biggest challenge you've faced when learning to develop*
 
I think the biggest challenge for me as a learning developer has been learning the vocabulary of the industry. Some of the resources that I have been provided are very informative, but I find that I need to look up multiple terms inside of a definition to understand what the definition is telling me. This often means that a task that should have probably only taken a few minutes ends up talking up to half an hour to thoroughly understand. Many of the terms that are used to define or explain certain aspects of what i’m trying to learn were written by people who were already familiar with the industry vocabulary and seems to be written for people familiar with the industry vocabulary. I will say though that having to look up many different definitions to understand one concept has helped me increase my vocabulary and has led me to research certain things that I know I will use later down the line in my coding career. 
 
The other challenges that I have run into are mainly frustration based. There have been several instances where I have been working on a block of code and the result that I keep getting is not what I am expecting and I will keep trying and every time it comes out wrong I will get more frustrated and at that point it often becomes difficult to concentrate on what I am doing. It isn’t until I put my computer down, walk away, and do something else that the answer usually comes to me. Sometimes the answer requires me to fix a few lines of code, but sometimes I think of a completely new way to solve the problem that I was not trying before. Sometimes though, the reason the code was not working the way I wanted it to was because I missed the capitalization of a letter or I mistyped a variable or function name. Those are probably the most frustrating mistakes to realize because they are problems that could have been easily avoided. 
 
	Even though it can be frustrating at times, coding can be extremely rewarding. When you figure out an answer to a tough problem it feels good. It makes you want to move onto the next problem and try an even more difficult one. The reward of succeeding in code outweighs the frustration of getting stuck while coding and as I have seen so far it is always worth keeping going. You can take breaks here and there but you always have to make sure you keep picking up the computer, try to keep solving problems, and keep learning new material so that you can understand how to master this extremely useful and rewarding skill.
